welcome to the Hosmer and smokehouse
right now we are smoking some of the
report that we butchered last November
it's been brining in a solution of salt
and water and brown sugar and red
peppers here at the museum for a couple
of months now now it's time to start the
smoking process to actually preserve the
meat for hopefully two or three years
let me step inside and find it before
you bring it out each November for
preparing for the holidays Thanksgiving
weekend we will whoop some of our pigs
here at the museum getting ready to
actually brine them and then smoke them
from home in here this is a piece of
pork that we butchered in November of
2011 we smoked this in May of 2012 and
sliced off some of this actually to use
in our sugar camp last weekend and it
got quite well very tasty a bit salty
but we understand if it's over there
like quite a bit smoking is actually a
very time-honored than a way to preserve
meat before the age of refrigerators and
freezers smoking or pickling was a way
to keep meat edible for a longer period
of time in this case we're applying
smoke to preserve not to cook so using
green fire what is really important this
year we're using cherry wood that was
cut down last fall the smoke penetrates
the meat dries it out a little bit and
then creates this dark creosote layer on
the outside creosote or flesh preserving
this agrees called it helps to keep the
air from penetrating the meat keeps
bacteria from out affecting it as well
gotta check the meat once in a while
wipe off any mold that grows up with
vinegar and every smoke smoking this
because when we perform that crystal
seal on the outside of the park that we
cut off the smoke for about about a
month here about 30 days historically
they were to smoke for two weeks about
24 hours a day each part of the family
bringing a piece of wood into the
smokehouse to actually keep the smoke
going
no more than 110 degrees Fahrenheit
again we're not cooking the meat we're
smoking it here as well right now in the
cosmos will cows what about the parts of
for pigs in here the bacon is already
done that smoked for about two weeks and
it's getting ready for use in our
balloon camp this year the intrepid
balloon camp where our soldiers will fry
that up and then cook their potatoes
there hardtack after it's been softened
up a bit and hopefully this year have
mustn't have to cook there as well we'll
be using this smoked meat once it's been
soaked and cut up in Luisa Backus
kitchen this year in the Jones farm
kitchen and down in our pioneer
farmstead as well come back as often as
you'd like and take a peek in the
smokehouse we actually store the meat
here also keep an eye on it and let
folks see exactly what we've done in the
off season on November to March that